To Do:
	Battle:
		Death
		Pretty Description
		Cancel
		Conditions
		HUD
	World
	Map
	Dialog
	Shoppe
	
	
	

Customization
	Gold:
		Spend gold to upgrade cards at upgrade shop
		Spend gold to buy cards at card shop
		Spend gold to buy dice at some special shops 
	XP:
		Gain +1 Ability (ATK, DEF, DAD)
		Gain +2 HP
		Lvl 1-6: Gain +1 deck slot
		Lvl 7: Starting Hand (character always draws chosen card first turn)
		LVL 8: Undiscardable (card returns to deck when discarded)
	Effects:
		TOX: Toxic: -1 HP Each turn
		Unlucky: Always roll lowest number 
		Enraged: Double Damage
		Invisible: Cannot be targeted 
		
		Lucky: Always roll highest number 
		Energetic: +1 STA each turn 
	Battle Win:
		Gain Gold or Special Card or Special Die 
	Damage from Battles is permanant and lasts until rest at the inn.
	Dice:
		4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4
		2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7
		1, 1, 1, 6, 6, 6
		Collatz: Apply x => x%2?3*x+1:x/2 to die each time it's rolled
		Advantaged: Roll two dice and take the max of their values 
		Meditation: Gain +1 XP from doing nothing
		Even Stevens: 2, 2, 4, 4, 6, 6
		Devil's Die: 1 Self Damage (x5), 50 (x1)
		Lucky Number n: Each time you roll n gain:
			1: 1 XP
			2: 1 HP
			3: 1 STA 
			4: 1 ATK 
			5: 1 DEF 
			6: 10 Gold 
	Deck of Many Things:
		Perm lose one Dad 
		Lose half of your cards 
		Replace all characters with Black dots 
		Always roll 1s
		End game and delete all saves
		The entire game is upsidedown
		
		All enemies have 1 HP 
		All passive perks all the time 
		Full XP 
		100000 Gold 
		Always roll 6s 

			

Puzzles 

	Welcome to my puzzles three!
	Each of them was made by me!
	If you win, I'll set you free,
	but if you lose... Well, you'll see...

	Mare-Care (Easy)
		Move the sheep, if you dare
		the numbers on the row tell how many are there 
		The columns tell the same just to keep it fair
		You only get one turn, so best take care!
		
	Light Battle (Med)
		Puzzle two takes place at night
		you must move each shining light
		if there's darkness, then you're not right!
		So take care to make each square real bright.

	Star Battle (Difficult)
		Into each room one sheep must go
		and also one sheep in each column and row
		But if two sheep are adjacent, then Oh No!
		You'll be defeated by your foe.
		
	Disco Colors (Bonus)
		It's getting late, you should be in bed,
		but I'll make you move more sheep instead
		They'll turn adjacent red blue and adjacent blue red 
		Be sure there's no blue, or you'll be dead!

		
	
Ep.1 A Man and His Handshake
	Henry:
		Condoms
		Iodine 
		Iodine Spray
		Entangle 
	Daryll:
		Rage 
		Hatchet 
		Pale Ale
	Glenn:
		Kershaw Brand Everyday Carry Pocket Knife
	Ron:
		Never took a sex ed class
		
	Van Picks up:
		Glenn & Nick
			Nick smoking pot 
		Henry & Lark & Sparrow 
			Power, power, power 
		Ron & Terry
			Terry outside
			Ron making oatmeal
			"Listen pal, I know I haven't always been there for you because I wasn't marries to your mother.
			I've written several letters trying to emote on paper what I can't always do on paper. And I'm working on that."
			Terry is a hell of center field.
			"Where's your pa?"
			"He's not coming."
		Van plays Ramble On on the way there
		Two hours later
			Graceland PAul Simon
			Road is rocky
			Up a hill 
			Grany playing Fortnite
			Ron is carsick
			Grant gives Henry bandaids for LArk and Sparrow 
			Henry spills Iodine everywhere 
			Henry notices the rocks are wrong 
			They fall into a purple portal 
		They wake up
			Kids are missing 
			Sunset
			Trees are unfamiliar
			Fewer mountains
			Daryll eats secret item 
			North: River
			Behind: Plain
			Left: Forest
			Right: River 
		Glenn calls AAA
			GPS is frozen 
		Three Men attack
			Arrow lands at Henry's feet
			Red Cloaks
				Net
				Bow & Arrow
				Two Axes
				(Have scarves)
		After fight:
			H: Who are you, where are we, where are our children?
			T: I work for the Lance, I'm not going to bring you in anymore
			R: Who's LAnce?
			T: THE Lance, he's called The Lance
			H: We're not from around here we don't think
			T: What?
			H: We've already said too much. Tell us where our children are you son of a bitch
			T: They got auctioned off a week ago
			H: Auctioned? A week?!?!
			R: How much?
			T: We came by when we were going to the auction in Fandelin(?)
				We saw the kids, we took the kids, we didn't have enough room for you
				we came and you were here. Don't kill me. JHust doing my job. 
			D: Say that again young gentlemen (holds hand out) My name's Daryll Wilson.
				Now tell us again without stuttering what happend to our children
			T: Your children were taken by his eminance, The Lance to Fandelin at which point they were put on auction, they were sold, I know not where, the end
			H: What'w your nemae, son?
			T: MY name is Three
			H: Three?
			T: I'm the third of The Lance's hunters 
			R: Is that like a son?
			T: I consider myself to be his son in many ways, yeah. He dotes on my more than anyone else in the organization except for One and Two
			R: Sounds like a good guy.
			G: Give me one good reason not to gut you like a pig right here.
			T: I know where your kids might be
			H: That would be great!
			T: There's always a registry of whoever the Lance sold anybody to the LAnce keeps in his home in Fandelin.
				You coud get that, you could let me go, and then you would know where your kids are.
			G: We gotta keep this guy in the back of our van. Either we kill him now or we bring him with us. 
			H: I'm against killing him because I think he could  be useful. I do worry he seems to habe a pretty tight bond witht his lance fellow and I'm worried
				he'llbetray us 
			R: He talks like an auctioneer. I think he'd be useful even if he doesn't know wherer our kids are. At least we coujld use for negotionan 
			G: We could use him to barter
			D: This is toughh. I feel like wer'e a tema. (Group Hug)
			T: I'm going to die.
		The Lance
			Tall, Gaunt
			Cross Bow
		L: What the hell do you want
		D: Hi, I'm Daryll Wilson 
		L: You have fice seconds to step back and let my son go
		D: Three is not under and distress here. He actually led us over here he said tha tyou could help us here with a little businees arangment
			You have our children (pulls axe out)
		R: Thrre didnt tell me you look so much like Clint Eastwood. I've seen all of his movies. Grand Terino is excellent and not racisst at all
		T: They killed two and four. They want their kids that we sold. I told them that we would show them their ledger, maybe. Is that a thing that makes sense?
		L: I guess that makes you the new 2. No, no, Zero.
			(Three dies.)
		D: That's nothign compared to what we did to the other two kids.
		L: Just so you know, that is how I handle people that do work for me. So if you've come to barter, that is the extent of my patience. 
		R: You REALLY remind me of Clint Eastwood 
		L: Here is the situation you currently find yourselves in. One of three tings is about to happen.
			1. I'm going to call the rest of my family in here to kill you.
			2. We are going to come to some sort of agreement that is more beneficial to me than it is to you because you've wasted my time and killed several of my children and interrupted my dinner
			3. You are going to leave. I'm going to wait an hour, and then call the city watch to come and kill you. 
		H: Can you repeat the chocies? I'm very distracted that you just killed your son. 
		H: Is there a chance I can look at the ledger?
		L: IF you would like to look at the ledger, I can grant you a look at that ledger.
		D: What would that deal look like, Sir Lance?
		L: You are going to have to offer me something that I would find impressive enought to put my business relationships in jeapordy because one does not 
			usually state the outvcome of a business relationship after a deal has been made.
		H: They don't know where we're from. You don't know where we're from. We're emassaries from Westrock 
		
			
			
			
